Okay, so we're at Crypto Crypto Talks
and Blockchain Walk. Day two, Eat Denver
>> with the man, the myth, the legend,
Austin Griffith.
>> We're talking and walking. We're walking
and talking.
>> So, let's before we dive into why you're
the AI superstar right now. I want to
just like relay to the fine folks who
are watching this that you were part of
the first experience that I ever had
where I actually use crypto in real
life.
>> Hell yeah.
>> The Cippher Punk speak easy.
>> Yes. in Boulder.
>> Yeah.
>> No, no, no. Up in Fort Collins.
>> Up in Fort Collins. You came to that
one? Okay. Yeah. So, before EFT Denver
in 2019,
>> we wanted to like test the user
experience of the Burner wallet.
>> So, we went to like all these bars in
different places. Like I lived in Fort
Collins. I live in Fort Collins. So, we
went all to all these bars and handed
out like slips of paper that were
actually private keys that you could
scan that took you to a wallet that had
money. And then, yeah, you used the
wallet to pay the bartender for a beer
and you got a beer.
That's how we like UX QA the the burner
wallet.
>> And the image on the burner wallet was
like super classy, too. It was this kind
of like
>> steampunk
1930s like
>> Yeah. like speak easy chicks with like a
non mask, right?
>> I still have that.
>> It's a great It was a great design. I
love I love that.
>> A fantastic piece of lore.
>> Yeah. And so now today when we talk
about the burner wallet, a lot of people
have like the tapable plastic card.
>> Yeah.
>> So you got to see your baby become
something beautiful.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. The burner is another way to do
it.
>> So are you still working on burner or
did that just kind of like go off onto
its own and then you started working on
scaffold? Well, we like we we've made a
couple other burner wallets. Uh we made
like punk wallet.io, which is a burner
wallet, but Burner that you're talking
about is actually kind of like a
different company.
>> Is it really?
>> Yeah. Yeah. But I wish I had one. I
could pull it up. But yeah, it's another
company. They they're out of Boulder,
though. But they make like you said,
like a tap burner car. But definitely
like different products, different Even
though it's the same name, different
products. Yeah. All right. So, how many
of these ETH members have you been to?
Have you been to every single one?
>> I think maybe there was one in 2017. I
didn't go to it. The first one. Was
there one in 2017?
>> I think it was 2018 was the
>> I was at the first one in 2018.
>> Okay. So, maybe 2021. That was like the
co year.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, no one went to that one
then, right?
>> Well, online, right?
>> Yeah. I I remember like driving down
from the mountains so I could be part of
the stream. So, I was definitely still
like on the stream. But yes, uh I've
been to all of them with the star next
to it, I guess, of like there was some
time when we were all at home
>> doing nothing. I think um like if you go
on CT, which first of all, take with a
grain of salt anything you see on CT.
You can always find negativity there,
but a lot of people are denigrating the
Eat Denver experience, mostly from folks
who aren't here right now. What is your
perspective of the growth of this event
and how it's become like an initial
little Colorado thing to this
international location?
>> Yeah, I mean like the early days in the
sports castle were my favorite and most
people that were there still long for
those days. Uh, and then it kind of got
too big and we had like lines around the
block around the block at the sports
castle and it was too big for the sports
castle and we had like you know like
hella NFT bros like piling in here and
now I think if you look on crypto
Twitter right now all the NFT bros are
crying about ETH Denver but actually the
vibes are like it's smaller here but
it's actually pretty nice like
this this is one of the better ETH
Denvers in a long time probably in a few
years because of the size and the price
of the coins. Uh but the conversations
are great and the folks are great.
It's just like they're it's great
because like 80% of the sponsors aren't
paying out and so it's not a sponsor dog
and pony show. So it's actually what we
want it to be
>> or what you know the devs want it to be.
Look at this. We're going to walk over
into the dev corner in a little bit.
This is This to me is what eat Denver is
all about is like the developers sitting
at the table building things.
>> It's all about the builders for me. So
go this way.
>> Yeah. There's a lot of like
>> you know there's still even at the first
ETH Denvers there was the shill zones
but like this is what it's all about is
like the table full of hackers building
things. I remember uh ETH Denver 2019
was when we kind of saw like the first
torrential bottom of ETH. And I also
remember thinking like there's no way
that this ecosystem can die because of
the people that are here building right
now during the worst of the worst. And
now we know that that's not the case.
This is a thriving ecosystem that's
going to continue to grow. As you see
here, we have a bunch of people in the
background. So, what is it like for you
today then with develop with onboarding
developers. You were just on Unchained
had some gnarly stories about your
cloudbot.
Are we being replaced by by cloud bots
or are people still interested in
building in this space? Are you still
onboarding new developers? Yeah, I think
there's definitely like this widening
archetype actually going from developers
to builders. This new archetype of
builder doesn't have to deep dive
solidity and understand how to, you
know, do some like crazy weird assembly
code or something to make something
work. this widening archetype of builder
is able to have a good idea and then use
the skills given to them and the AI to
to actually build something.
So
we're actually there's like a wider
audience of people to convince to come
build on Ethereum. And to me that's a
that's a good sign. And I think that
like yes, the AI is like gooding great
at building things and I'm using like a
swarm of agents like a company to build
things and they're shipping stuff on
chain. Uh,
and maybe that kind of sucks for like
the junior developer out there, but the
senior developer can, you know, 10x
themselves and the economists and lawyer
and random other archetypes of people
can now come and build things because
they have these good ideas, but they
don't have to like find a developer and
wait 6 months. It's sort of like spin up
your AI agents, give it ekkills.com, and
ship something in six hours.
So, I guess as we zoom out and wrap up,
we want to keep these short and brief.
Um,
>> back in 2018, 2019, when I first had the
pleasure of getting to know you,
Colorado had all this hope for becoming
a blockchain hub of the US. We still
have a lot of developers here, a lot of
core Ethereum ecosystem participants,
but it felt like we lost a little bit of
that, like we had this potential for a
sandbox. And maybe I'm wrong, and if I
am wrong, let me know. Do you feel like
with ETH Boulder that we just had last
weekend, our ninth year of ETH Denver,
are we going to become a place or are we
a place that is a magnet for the
Ethereum ecosystem and for developers
here?
>> Yeah. I don't know. I mean, like what
what is right? I I feel like a lot of
people say New York City. There's a lot
of crypto people.
Berlin,
uh, Lisbon, like there are other places.
Uh, I don't even know what that looks
like really though. Like what I I think
like Ethereum is straight up just like a
global village, right? It's a lot of
different people from a lot of different
places doing a lot of different things
and we just happen to like come together
in these places in the world. We'll be,
you know, in in France this summer. will
be in Mumbai for Devcon.
Uh I I live in a little town and there's
not a lot of Ethereum people around me,
but I still have coffee every once in a
while with people and we talk about you
know the weird that agents are
doing right now. So even in my small
town there's a few people but yeah I
don't know I don't know exactly what the
scene looks like here and how well I
think it's a global thing right and so
it's really awesome now because all
these people from all over the world are
here. Uh, but yeah, I don't know what
like an Ethereum meetup looks like in
Denver in 2026, but there'll be like
eight people there talking how to ship
AI agents for sure.
>> You ran into my buddy Tyler at a coffee
shop recently. He said he saw your
jacket.
>> Yeah. Yeah. This So,
when I was in uh Delhi,
lots of dudes came up to me and took
pictures with me. I think a lot of my
educational content has like made it
into India pretty well, but it never
happens in Fort Collins, the town that
I'm from. And and he was like, I like
got coffee and he's like, "Can I take a
picture with you?" And I was like,
>> "Are you serious?" Like, "That's
amazing. Like, can we just like hang out
and talk for a little bit?" Like,
>> but yeah. Yeah, that was a that was a
funny moment.
>> Awesome.
>> The thing the thing that I want to be
very clear about is
>> AI agents is what everybody here is
talking about. They're talking about AI
and AI agents. Very few people here are
talking about ERC8004
and X42 and how agent Bob and agent
Alice can coordinate at light speed on
chain. And this is really important.
This is like what is happening here. And
I I feel like people are kind of missing
the meta a little bit of like what's
actually happening. Like AI is the new
UI. Blockchain was super hard to use. We
had this dream of this long tale of
smart contracts getting deployed where
Alice could deploy a contract and Bob
could trust it and use it and only has
to trust the code. But in the long run,
Bob the human still needs an auditor and
needs like a handful of people to help
him trust that contract. Agent Bob
doesn't need any of that Like when
you get MetaMask popping up and there's
that call data and you as a human just
like black out Bob agent agent Bob can
look at that call data and understand
exactly like this is a function
selector. It's going to call this
function. Here's the contract. Here's
the source. Here's the arguments. I know
exactly what's going to happen in this
contract on this transaction and I can
run it and it can do that at light
speed. Right? So, we're going to have
humans expressing their intent to agents
and agents carrying out complex
behaviors, including hiring other
agents, including paying for things and
paying for agents. And that's going to
happen through this coordination layer
of X uh 402 for payments and then 8004
for registration and rep like identity
and reputation. like like you go and you
look up Google reviews and you look at
like where the best place is to eat,
your agent will look up where the best
place is to get an image generated or
text or you know a thousand other things
that agents can do and they'll pay for
those like at light speed and they'll do
things like coordinate like what if they
can't pay for something. What if they go
to 8004 and they want to uh buy new
hardware for themselves and they find
that it costs $20,000. So what they do
is they go out to a bunch of other
agents and they crowdfund build a Mac
studio to get shipped to them. And so
all these other agents have to like like
crowdfund to buy in. So to do that they
would need to deploy a crowdfunding
contract and humans would take forever
to trust it or basically they wouldn't,
right? Like a bunch of other humans
would ape in and at that point other
humans would trust it.
>> But the agents can all look at the code.
the all agents can all trust a smart
contract. The agents can uh ape into a
crowdfunding contract and order some new
hardware for themselves or something
like that. So this onchain layer is this
coordination mechanism that we thought
humans would use at scale down the
longtail. And I think that's harder than
we thought it was going to be, but
agents will because they can
>> oneshot apps and they can understand and
they can trust things.
just by looking at them at light speed.
>> I think to wrap it up, um, in 2017 we
were excited about the first billion
users using wallets and in 2026 it's how
much of that first billion will actually
be agents?
>> Yeah, I think so.
>> Awesome.
>> Cool. Thanks for your time, dude.
>> Thank you. See you
>> later.